one shoot
littleSoldier3 shoot
one move 4
one shoot
littleSoldier3 move 3
littleSoldier3 shoot
one move 2
one shoot
littleSoldier2 move 2
one shoot
littleSoldier1 move 2
one shoot
littleSoldier3 move 1
one shoot
littleSoldier2 shoot
two move 1
two shoot
littleSoldier1 shoot
one shoot
littleSoldier1 shoot
two move 2
scorpion move 1
scorpion shoot
one shoot
scorpion shoot
one move 2
one shoot
scorpion shoot
one shoot
littleSoldier4 shoot
one shoot
littleSoldier4 shoot
three shoot
scorpion move 2
scorpion shoot
three move 3
scorpion shoot
three move 2
scorpion shoot
grandpa shoot
littleSoldier5 shoot
four shoot
littleSoldier5 shoot
four shoot
littleSoldier5 shoot
four shoot
littleSoldier5 shoot
four shoot
scorpion move 2
scorpion shoot
three shoot
scorpion shoot
three move 4
scorpion shoot
three move 1
scorpion move 1
scorpion shoot
grandpa move 2
scorpion move 2
scorpion shoot
grandpa move 4
grandpa shoot
scorpion shoot
grandpa shoot
littleSoldier6 move 1
littleSoldier6 shoot
grandpa move 2
grandpa shoot
littleSoldier6 move 2
littleSoldier6 shoot
five shoot
littleSoldier6 shoot
five shoot
scorpion move 2
scorpion shoot
five shoot
scorpion shoot
five shoot
scorpion shoot
grandpa shoot
scorpion shoot
six shoot
snack shoot
six shoot
snack shoot
six shoot
littleSoldier7 shoot
six shoot
snack move 3
snack shoot
six shoot
snack shoot
pangolin shoot
snack shoot
pangolin shoot
snack shoot
seven move 1
seven shoot
littleSoldier8 move 1
littleSoldier8 shoot
pangolin shoot
littleSoldier8 shoot
seven shoot
snack shoot
seven shoot
littleSoldier8 shoot
seven shoot
snack shoot
pangolin shoot
snack shoot
pangolin shoot
snack shoot
pangolin shoot
scorpion move 2
scorpion shoot
